                                 Bahodirova Mubina
         Tashkent, Uzbekistan | bahodirovamubina505@gmail.com | +998 97 022 4979 | gitlab | github |
                                            t.me/Mbahodirovaa

Profile
 Enthusiastic Golang developer with a strong focus on building robust and -DEMO- microservices. Experienced in
 technologies such as gRPC, Protocol Buffers, PostgreSQL, Docker, Kafka, and Redis. Proficient in creating API
 gateways and distributed services, -DEMO- excellent technical skills and problem-solving abilities. Seeking to apply
 my knowledge and passion in a backend development -DEMO- to contribute to innovative and impactful projects.

Projects
 Olympy Games | Go, gRPC, Kafka, WebSocket, Casbin, Swagger, MongoDB, Docker
   • Developed and deployed a comprehensive system for tracking Olympic Games events with real-time updates.

   • Built an admin panel to efficiently manage scores, statuses, matches, and rounds.

   • Integrated WebSockets and Kafka to ensure real-time data streaming and high-performance interactions.


 Project Control | Go, gRPC, Kafka, -DEMO-, Swagger, Docker                                                  github
   • Each project is assigned a Swagger URL to manage and share API documentation, and seamless team integration,

     centralized technical management.
   • A platform for team members to store and manage their phone numbers and Telegram usernames for easy and

     quick communication within teams.
   • Effective management of individual and team projects, -DEMO- document storage and powerful improve

     communication between team members.

 Black List | Go, gRPC, Kafka, Casbin, Swagger, Docker
    • Created a blacklist system for HR departments to monitor and manage employee behavior and performance.

    • Enabled daily, weekly, and monthly monitoring with criteria for blacklisting and removal.



Technical Skills
 Languages: Go, SQL
 Technologies: RESTful APIs, Microservices, Docker, Kafka, Redis, JWT, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, Swagger, Google
 Cloud, CI/CD
 Tools: Git, Linux
 Soft Skills: Teamwork, Leadership, Communication, Problem Solving

Education
 Najot Ta’lim                                                                                  Tashkent, -DEMO-
 Golang Bootcamp                                                                       March 2024 – September 2024
 In-depth study of Golang, including Gin, Gorilla Mux, gRPC, Swagger UI, microservices architecture, RESTful APIs and
 PostgreSQL.
 Najot Ta’lim                                                                                Tashkent, Uzbekistan
 Bootcamp Foundation                                                                   September 2023 – March 2024
 Foundations of computer science, databases, algorithms, data structures, C programming and Python programming.

Languages
 Uzbek                                                                                                              Native
 English                                                                                                 Pre-Intermediate
 Russian                                                                                                               A2
